User Behavoir:
The main user behavoir is either pressing review or delete for every application on the main search page.

Desired Movement:
When someone presses review or delete on app it disappears flashing yellow for review and green for completed.
Then the app below that will move up and open expanded.
    Stop rendering the decided app and then also mark in the database the new status for a particular application.
        - Do this async so as not to slow down other actions
    Rewrite the api for page fetching to reflect only the apps a user has not decided on.
        Each user has a personal decided database with id as primary key, decided boolean, decided category.
        Each user has a database for previous companies applied to and the job id associated


User Authentication:
A user not in an authenticated session is rendered a single page request with reduced functionalities and introduction card.

Demo Interface (Unauthenticated):
    Navbar: search, review, completed, and the setting icons are not accessible and logout is signin instead that redirects to an authentication page
    First card is an introduction and resembles a real application card.
        The card introduces all the functionalities of the full app and showcases all action icons and instructs the user to login. 
    Cards: One page request of cards is displayed and SSR. Once hitting the bottom in the scroll a banner appears prompting the user to login.
        The cards only have the go to link action/button available
    After Login: The user is taken to /jobs with the feed of non-decided jobs

Extras:
    - Skeletons for base card and expandable card
        Difficulty is integrating that with react query
    - Dark mode toggle on navbar with moon icon
    - Arrow mode to enable navigation and actions only with arrows and key such as "d" for delete and "r" for review
    - adding filtering for experience level

Necessary:
    - Prefetching with react router
    - fix api for guest applications to not return a next cursor
    - wrap both functions and skills divs properly so they work on small screens
    - fix cards to not expand if clicking on a particular element

Next Steps:
how do I create authentication for my users and hold a database for everyone?








Introduction Card:
    
The whole point is to target the applications that you like and filter out the rest in a efficient manner.


Filter Out the Noise, Discover Roles That Fit You
A job tracker that enables you to decide whether to pursue a role in 5 seconds.

Previously applied feature.
List of companies applied to.


relevant jobs
    


Filter noise and find your roles.
Filter Noise.
Track Applications.

